Assign4: Due 11:59PM April 17

Please take small steps. Start with a canary test and one or two more tests.
List your tests in a file named tests.txt. Check them off with a x as you 
implement them. Remember to ask for a review each day. The earlier you start,
the earlier you finish, and less the risk. If you start late, you carry a 
bigger risk. I sincerely hope you will start early and come out winning in 
this course.

Using test first development, write the program described below.

An agency specializes in evaluating job applicants. Different clients using their service will want applicants to be
evaluated based on different criteria. New criteria not known today may be added in the future. Some existing criteria
may also be removed at any time. Not all available criteria will be used by every client.

Examples of criteria are employment status, criminal records, credit records, Security clearance, etc. For example,
the employment status criterion will return a response of its evaluation with a status and reason, like so: pass,
"applicant has had previous employment." As another example, the criminal records criterion may respond fail,
"person has done time for bank robbery."

For the purpose of this assignment, we will fake some response in each of the criteria when an evaluation is requested
for applicants.

Write a console application that will allow the user of the program to first choose the criteria they want to use,
from a dynamic list of available criteria. Then evaluate the application for all the selected criteria.

Finally the program will print the total result, pass or fail (pass only if all criteria passed) and provide a summary
of the evaluations for that applicant.

Once you complete coding, please answer the following:

1. What design principles did you use in this assignment? Discuss.

YOUR RESPONSE GOES HERE

2. Any surprises or things that you did not expect?

YOUR RESPONSE GOES HERE

3. What design patterns did you use in this assignment? Discuss.

YOUR RESPONSE GOES HERE
